[Applause]
Hollywood there's an extra layer of smog
and spray-tan in the air tonight thanks
to a big leave is etre from east the
President of the United States was in
town for a two-day California adventure
that started up in Palo Alto and then
made a stop here in LA
Air Force One touched down in LA around
4:15 this afternoon from the Bay Area
the president on a fundraising trip
expecting to bring in as much as 15
million dollars for his 20/20
re-election campaign I love LA what's
not to love about great weather and an
economy that's worth almost six hundred
billion dollars yeah we love you right
back old pal at the beginning of the
levitra commercial so Trump had a
fundraising breakfast this morning here
last night he appeared at a fundraising
dinner in Beverly Hills at the dinner he
told supporters that we will never be a
socialist country and then he asked him
for money and while he was here Trump
took time to criticize our cities for
the homeless Christ's homelessness
crisis were experiencing and said he
plans to do something about it which is
good I mean I think it would be great if
he let all the homeless people stay at
the Trump Hotel I hear they've got a lot
of it empty rooms
thanks everybody after he got his money
and went down to San Diego for more
money and then kept heading south for a
stop at the border to check on progress
on his wall this is your maximum that
you could do and one thing we haven't
mentioned is technology they're wired so
that we will know if somebody's trying
to break through and you may want to
discuss that a little bit general so
there could be some error to not discuss
enough okay
quiet dopey you're gonna ruin the
surprise and well while not all
Angelenos welcome the President to our
fair city you know didn't extend an
invitation today the Taliban less than
two weeks after Trump cancelled their
Camp David slumber party the Taliban
said if Trump wants to talk their quote
doors are open so of course their doors
are open they live in caves dated in it
don't even have doors on gay can you
imagine that me know that the only peace
Donald Trump is ever gonna be able to
get is a 5-piece extra-crispy from KFC
talks with the Taliban do eventually
fall apart this will be the fall guy
this is the president's new new national
security adviser name is Robert C
O'Brien this morning Trump officially
announced his new advisor on Twitter he
wrote I am pleased to announce that I
will name Robert c O'Brien currently
serving as the very successful special
presidential envoy for a hostage affairs
at the State Department as our new
national security adviser I have worked
long and hard with Robert he will do a
great job Robert O'Brien is a hostage
negotiator for real he got to know Trump
when he tried to get him to let Melania
go work out but they became friends he's
also the guy Trump sent to Sweden to
Free ASAP rocky now he is the
president's fourth national security
adviser Donald Trump is now officially
gone through more national security
advisors than wives so that's something
meanwhile back home at the White House
the first lady has he's got a renovation
project going she's been fixing up the
East Wing she's been painting
refurnishing patching up little fist
holes in the wall and
many improvements she's making firstly
they had to get the rug in the
diplomatic reception room replaced
because foot traffic had worn it down
fortunately when they were carrying the
old rug out of the building they found
her in it and made her go back inside
some Melania actually designed a new rug
for the diplomatic reception room
featuring flowers from each of the 50
states she also designed a rug for her
husband's bathroom and she designed a
rug for Mike Pence at spaced floors
headquarters but the big project was the
master bedroom it is dated
it hasn't been remodeled in quite some
time this was before and this was after
I think it looks great she just wants
every room to be best that's all would
it be great if Melania had a reality
show trapped in that house under a huge
portrait of Grover Cleveland who Easy's
get that going Bravo that's the real
housewife we want to see hey speaking of
reality shows I don't know if you saw
this yesterday the president's former
campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said
a lot of nothing to Congress yesterday
they brought him in he repeatedly
refused to answer questions from
Democrats and then he took a victory lap
on cable news he was on CNN this morning
with Alison Cammarata and I have to say
she was very very patient with the most
annoying person in the world the mullah
report was very clear there was no
collusion there was no obstruction
absolutely says that you should read
page you should read the page that that
states out and Bob wait hold on a second
hold on a second timeout timeout
did you read them all a report no I
never did it's waiting for the movie to
come out so she also asked him about a
statement he made in Congress one of the
few statements he made in Congress where
he made it clear that he feels no
obligation to be honest when speaking to
the media this is important do you lie
to the media Alison why does the answer
yes or no I've answered your question
yes or no I'm as honest as I can be as
often as I can be what does that mean
which part of that don't you understand
when you like or a when do you lie are
you lying now for instance how missus I
can be with you Allison I worry that's
not good enough yeah they they
definitely need to get divorced because
that's not gonna work out
took a while I think we finally found my
least favorite character in the Trump
universe and it's Corey Lewandowski hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape